Mr. Shen
All enterprises under Ye Jiaming have been under heavy control
Only Blue Hills remain
The commercial street in the city has not been re-controlled
It's all because the hall master of the Viper Gang suddenly turned against the water
Stand on Shen Yan's side
It's just a commercial street
Even if the Ye family has great ability, they can't turn over
How is the development in Li Guo?
The harvest over there is very good
Now there are already tens of billions in the account
Welcome to Geek Corporation
I heard that you were a sales elite in the building before.
That's right.
This job is perfect for you
And the salary is very good
Stop arguing.
Put him in a cage
Angry friend, don't panic
Talent like you
Very cherished come on
You're sitting right here.
This is where you work from now on
I will give you all the big orders.
Convenient for you in the future
Promotion and salary increase
Hahahaha
Yeah, it's a big list
That's it?
He just ruined you, don't screw it up for me
If you want to screw up
You are just like those people, understand?
Mingbai understands
Uh, then I'll try it, hahaha.